hello everyone its Alaina and today I'll
be talking to you guys about what qwc
taught me and for gypsy there's always
seen the experience of the two years and
that is already like good enough of a
reason to join but you know BC also
claims to have a lifelong impact on its
students so I wanted to tell you guys
what I think I took for me to BC as a
recent graduate now obviously I haven't
lived very long without UWC I mean I
just graduated like three months ago
um so you know this is only what I think
I got out of it but yeah maybe I should
do like an updated version of this and
like freest on the road and see if I
would still say the same but for now
this is what I think I learned from my
university experience now the first
thing that I learned is that there's so
much more to countries than what is
presented in the newspapers and I think
this is such an important lesson that
theoretically we all know but we don't
really live according to it because so
many of us you know when we think of
certain countries we just think of what
we know about it in the press now for
example what do you think about when you
think about Yemen probably the Yemeni
civil war but I friends from there and
you know I learned so much more about
Yemen than just about that civil war
like I don't know about Yemeni culture
like their dances their food how they
interact with one another and that just
gives you so much more of a sense of
what it really means to live in that
country rather than just knowing the
newspaper articles being informed is
really important don't get me wrong here
keep reading your newspapers but it's
also really important to get a sense of
what it's like to live in that country
as an individual and it makes you so
much more open when you meet new people
when you keep that in mind because you
just go into your conversation thinking
I want to learn more about the country I
want to know what their culture is like
I want to know what it means to really
live there and I think that just you
know makes conversation so much more
interesting and more meaningful so yeah
I think this is really one of the most
important lessons that I learned from my
time here to be seeing the second thing
you'd ever see taught me is the value of
debates and of controversial opinions
now I was a debater before I came to you
CC and I already had appreciated a lot
of the value in conversations and in
disagreements but when I came to
university that really took it to
another level
because we had something called global
issues forum where the entire school
came together and we discussed current
issues and you know something about very
controversial opinions on these and you
know sometimes the entire room which is
cool like what did that person just say
but it's really important that you have
these Commons
patience because you need to voice
controversial opinions in order them to
be able to discuss them and you know you
have students at a university who were
raised in a very different environment
and who had very different values
instilled in them as you did and I think
it's really important that you know you
learn to see where people are coming
from why they believe a certain thing
and then you need to evaluate whether
maybe they're not as wrong as you
thought they were and very often what we
found was that nobody was really wrong
on it you know we just looked at it from
very different perspectives because
especially when you're discussing global
issues you know it affects countries in
different ways and while it may have a
very positive effect on your country it
may have a very negative effect on
someone else's country and that's
something that you know made me
appreciate having a debate and also you
know not scaring people away when they
have an unpopular opinion because very
often you know students get afraid to
say oh I think this is a different thing
when you entire rest of the class is
like oh what's this but and you see you
know disagreement is valued now the
first thing I learned from you diversity
is a little bit more person and less
like general philosophical and it's that
it's really important to speak up for
yourself and I guess this is something
we all know as well but in you see I
also learned how to speak up for myself
and you know to just do it because when
you live in a boarding school
environment there will be a lot of
things that you will not be comfortable
with these may be things that your
roommates do these may be things that
the people living next to you do or you
know just literally it can be anything
and you know at home it really needs to
say that because just your mom and your
dad and yeah it's it's just you know
you're comfortable with these people but
an important school over sudden you've
all these strangers and especially in
your first year you're really scared of
you know saying oh I don't like this
because you don't want to offend anybody
or you know make your roommate hate you
and the first day so actually this is
something I really know that my second
year that it's really important to say I
don't want this or you know I would
prefer if we could find a compromise in
this thing and I always used to be so
shy to say these things but it's
actually you know not a big deal nobody
thinks you're a bad person because you
don't like having music at MIT
or whatever like you just have to say it
in a nice way and find a compromise that
works for everybody and you know that
issues where you think you can't find a
compromise but you always can and you
just have to say it because you know if
you're just like inside yourself and
being like I hate that she does that but
I'm never telling her then this person
can never know that she's annoying you
for like an entire year and it's not
fair to them and it's not fair to you so
just speak up for yourself say I don't
like this do it in the friendly way and
say can we find a compromise on this so
that we can both be comfortable in this
room or to select we can both be
comfortable on this floor you know
whatever context you're talking him the
fourth thing that University taught me
is that I can have an impact regardless
of how experienced or how old I am and
this is something I didn't really
believe in when I came to you to see
because I always thought you know if you
want to have like a real impact
somewhere you know you gotta be really
experienced you gotta know what you're
doing and you're gonna be an adult
because I always know when he respects
you when you're at a university you're
surrounded by like 250 people who are
like super engage with their communities
who want to do a lot of things for the
people they're living with and who are
willing to volunteer a lot of the time
and you know to learn a lot more in
order to get better at helping people
and that just inspires you as a person
to then you know also help these people
and also become more engaged like I
really like that when I was in
university I felt like oh my god I also
want to do something because everybody
is so engaged and I don't want to be you
know like the girl who doesn't do
anything it's not like peer pressure
it's more like they inspire you to do it
too because you see you know how
rewarding it is for them and how much
they're getting out of it and I don't
really know how to describe this but
it's really more inspiration it's not
like anybody pressures you to do
anything that's absolutely not the case
I mean there are students at
universities who have found that their
own NGOs before they were 18 and you
know it's kind of crazy but it's really
cool as well and you can learn so much
from these people so if you're going to
need to see you know that's really
something I would encourage you to do
talk to these super engage people
because you know you often think you
don't have time for these things but
actually when you just sign up for it
and you say I'm going to commit to going
there every week regardless of what
happens you realize you have time you
just have to make the time for it and
you know if you make time for
something you will have an impact and I
think I also learned how important it is
that you use that ability to have an
impact because after all you know you
can have an impact but you know got to
do something to actually have that
impact so use your time and you know go
out and volunteer or go out there and
you know start a social media whatever
you want to do you can do it and that's
something you know that I never realized
until I was there and I was surrounded
by people you know who haven't all the
same things that oh you're too young or
you're not experienced enough in this
field and you know they just went ahead
and did it anyway and it works and then
you never see you have so much support
from your teachers from the staff from
everyone so if you want to start a
project you can just do it that is
literally what my friends who are
currently in the first year knew between
United World College did because they
founded a project to raise awareness
about the illegal detention of asylum
seekers in Malaysia it's called I'm not
a criminal if you guys want to know more
about their project I'm gonna link it
down below and it's really inspiring to
just see people your age doing something
like that and you know they don't do it
because they get paid for it or anything
because they don't they do it because
they genuinely want to make a change in
this world and you want to make a
difference to people's lives and they're
dedicating a lot of their time to that
project and that's something that any
student out there can do now the last
thing that I want to talk about in this
video that University aught me is how
important it is to get out of your
comfort zone in order to grow you know
you staff the ability to you know grow a
little bit in terms of you know what the
person you are not in terms of height
because God knows there's no hope for me
on that one um but you know you can grow
in terms of your resilience and you know
how ready you are to face challenges and
yeah I think just generally resilience
is the right word here because you never
see you will push you out of your
comfort zone every once in awhile you
may actually be out of your comfort zone
the moment you open the room to your
dorm room because if you're like me and
you have been an only child and living
with three other girls is a challenge
and you know you will adapt to it and
after a week or so it will be absolutely
fine but it's a thought it may be
uncomfortable but you know this will
just make you be more resilient and it
will make you learn to deal with
situations like that I remember that
after my first year at U between I wrote
college I went off for two months
for Nia I had never been to the US
before and I was about to meet a new
roommate and I had to get some stuff in
that city that I'd never been to and I
wasn't scared because I was like you
know what I think I can handle this
like I have handled moving to Hong Kong
on my own and I think I'm ready for that
challenge and I was absolutely ready for
it and I think the fact that you know I
had confidence in myself just helped me
go through it and that moment when I was
in California after like a week and I
realized I hadn't really been struggling
to settle in it made me realize how much
I is a person had grown because I
remembered moving to Hong Kong and being
super super scared super anxious about
everything and that really contrast that
with how I behaved when I moved to
California for two months because it
really showed me how much I need
developed in terms of you know how much
I trust myself and how ready I am to
just go out and explore even if I have
no idea why and hope I explained this in
a good way I don't know if it came
across I hope it did but yeah those are
all the things that I wanted to talk to
you guys about regarding what UWC taught
me and I hope that this gives some of
you guys an idea of what it really means
when you're s and you'd ever see it and
then when you leave and how much of an
impact it has on its students because I
think it just has a huge impact and
these ever I know means all the things
that I learned you never see I can make
like a 10 hour video and I would still
not be done with all the things that
I've learned here so you know I really
had to pick and choose and I chose these
because I think these are some you know
like bigger thing that I think every
student experiences and there's a lot of
things that you know I also learned
personally I don't know if they would
apply to every student but I think it
would apply to a lot of students but
yeah generally like reflecting I think
those two years taught me so much and I
don't think I could have learned the
same had I just stayed in my school in
Germany so you know I'm super grateful
for having had this experience and yeah
I hope this helps some of you guys with
you know realizing what it really means
if you get and university experience and
yeah if you guys have any questions
about university or have any video
suggestions you know anything you would
like to know what you don't see feel
free to comment them or message me for
the contact section of my blog which is
linked in the infobox below
thank you guys so much for watching I
hope you enjoyed this video bye